Do you know
Chloe Brown Mueller
is running for
Fairfield County councilperson?
I've been trying to think of
a way to deface her lawn signs
by rearranging the letters
in her name.
Cross out the "C"
and the "H",
slip in an "S",
add an "R".
It spells "Loser".
Ah. Sounds like
a lot of work.
I think I'll just draw
penises on them.
[ Hans Gruber oinking ]
Anna-Kat, how many times
have I told you?
Do not feed Hans Gruber
from the table.
He's only gaining
10 pounds a day.
He's wasting away
to nothing!
Hans, go!
[ Sighs ]
Oliver,
dinner table -- now.
I'm waiting for
my Mandarin grade to post.
Why are you so worked up
about this grade?
You always get
straight A's.
I know I do,
but Jeremy Fleisher's
gonna obliterate the curve
in my Mandarin class.
How do you know that?
His parents just brought
him a 12-year-old from
China for Christmas.
His parents brought him
a 12-year-old human being?
No, it's a foreign
exchange program.
They're supposed to
teach the kid English,
but instead, they make him
tutor Jeremy in Mandarin.
Could I please
have more --
Unh-unh-unh!
You know the rules.
[ Both chuckle ]
Grades are in.
♪♪
I got a B-plus?!
My life is ruined!
Ruined!
A B-plus is great.
Of course you think
a B-plus is great --
'cause your life
is a C-minus!
Hey!
Calm...down!
You're in eighth grade.
Eighth grade doesn't count.
It all counts!
He's really worked up.
He's doing that thing
where he repeats everything.
Honey, let me give you
some perspective.
Take your father and me.
He was obsessed
with grades.
Me -- I didn't worry so much
and just enjoyed my life.
Guess what.
We wound up
in the same place --
same house.
Actually, I'm doing
a little better
because I don't
have to go to work.
And you don't have to wear
real pants if you don't want to.
And I don't have to wear
real pants if I don't want to!
I'm on a track,
and it starts here.
I have to become
valedictorian,
then it goes Harvard,
Wharton, Goldman Sachs,
then a remodel
in the Hamptons
that my second wife
can busy herself with.
I'm probably gonna like
your first wife.
Don't be mad when I maintain
a relationship with her.
He puts way too much pressure
on himself.
I know. This is
getting out of hand.
Do you think he should
talk to somebody?
He's not listening
to us.
Someone to give him
a little perspective.
Yeah.
And I think
I know just the person.
I don't even know
why I'm here.
You're here
because you need my help.
You need to learn how
to take your mind off of school.
I saw this YouTube video
about this girl
who was really driven,
like you,
and she eventually cracked up
and got Auto-Tuned into a song.
The song is really funny
if you forget
that she's dead inside.
Okay, dumb Yoda,
what advice
do you have for me?
Start binge-watching something.
It'll help turn your brain off.
Easier for you,
'cause yours was never on.
You should listen to me.
Watch a dozen seasons
of "Grey's Anatomy" in a row.
You're not gonna care
if you get into Harvard or not
once you've seen a bomb
get pulled out of a body
for the fourth time.
Hey, I am
going to Harvard!
I even practice
that phony evasive thing
where I tell people
I go to college in Boston.
"Oh. B.U.?"
[ Chuckles ]
"No -- Harvard".
♪♪
Man on TV:
Ni ai wo ma.
Oliver: Ni ai wo ma.
[ Remote clicks ]
Ni ai wo ma.
[ Hans Gruber snorting ]
Oliver,
why aren't you in bed?
I'm practicing
my Mandarin.
I'm using Taylor's
stolen Netflix password
to watch
a Chinese soap opera.
It's 2:30 in the morning.
You need to get some sleep.
You keep this up, you'll burn
out before high school ends
and end up
at some safety school.
I'm not going to Cornell!
Come on!
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Bed.
[ Speaking
broken Mandarin ]
That sounded a little like
"Go [bleep] yourself".
♪♪
I'm worried
about Oliver.
He's obsessed with his grades
and not enjoying his life.
He wants to go
to SAT camp this summer.
Can you believe
that's a thing?
Oh, yeah --
I lied about my kids' ages
so they could start
when they were 6.
They have no fun activities --
just studying.
Oh, and I checked the box
saying they could hit them.
Ugh.
Remember
when we thought
having that baby
would soften you up?
[ Laughter ]
We were so stupid.
Hello, ladies!
Be very still. Her vision
is based on movement.
[ Laughs ]
You are so funny!
Hey, would you mind
putting one of my campaign signs
in your teeny,
tiny yard?
Why would you want
your sign in my yard?
All you ever do
is insult my house.
That was just
playfully joking around!
Right, Maria?
Tell Katie I'm funny
and I like to joke around.
You're funny.
And I like
to joke around!
She likes
to joke around.
[ Sighing ] Okay.
Seriously, Maria?
I pay you $7.45 an hour,
plus Obamacare
to be more convincing
than that.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, truth time --
Fairfield County is bigger
than just Westport,
so if I'm gonna
win this thing,
I need to appeal
to the poors.
Ugh.
I'd put one
in Maria's yard,
but she doesn't have one,
'cause she lives in a condo...
[ Laughs ]
...with her parents!
Ull! [ Laughs ]
My mother
is very sick.
Oh, sick of you!
Up top.
[ Rattling ]
No, you missed it.
You missed it.
I'm not putting
your stupid sign in my yard.
And tell your husband to return
my husband's phone calls.
Oh, well,
Stan's out of the country,
so I will
pass the message along.
[ Huffs ]
Aah! So hot!
Oh! Zip it, Maria! Okay?
You're making a scene!
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Door opens ]
Go!
Ugh.
Nicely played --
sticking it
to Chloe Brown Mueller
with a Stan question.
What are you
talking about?
You haven't heard?
Stan took off.
Yeah. He went to Nepal
to find himself.
He's drinking
yak butter tea
and deciding on
which god to pray to.
He had a huge midlife crisis
and snapped.
That's why
Chloe's running for office.
She's putting on
a big show,
pretending they're both
"doing their own thing".
Oh, it's so sad...
that I didn't know that.
I would've
enjoyed it more.
[ Laughs ]
Stan's a perfect example
of someone who pushed himself,
went to all the right schools,
got a high-powered job,
then wakes up and realizes
he got everything he wanted
but hated his whole life.
Oh, my God.
Oliver is on that same path.
How do I stop my son
from growing up
and having
a midlife crisis?
You get ahead of it.
Give him a midlife crisis now.
Or...
check this box, and I could
smack him around for you.
Mnh-mnh.
Come on.
[ Laughs ]
Boom!
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Whatever it is,
I don't have time.
I'm studying.
Well, get it
out of your system now,
because tomorrow we're moving up
your midlife crisis,
and that begins
with ditching school.
I can't ditch school!
My science notebook review
is tomorrow and --
Hey!
I'm your mother.
And when I say,
"You're ditching school",
you're ditching school.
But if I get caught, it could
go on my permanent record.
There's no such thing.
Now, stop studying and watch
"Ferris Bueller's Day Off"
tonight for inspiration.
Can I watch it
in Mandarin?
Nyet!
That's Russian.
Shut up, smarty-pants.
♪♪
I need an extra treat
to bring for Franklin.
He'd never tasted sugar
before he met me.
Do you think
maybe Franklin's parents
don't want him
eating candy?
Yeah, I get that.
He gets all amped up,
and then it's all
"Blah, blah, blah"
about his diabetes.
New rule --
no feeding Franklin sugar.
Hey, would either of you
be interested
in going to a stamp unveiling
at the library?
Not it!
How about if I told you
it's a rare banana stamp
that's a misprint?
Turns out
it's a plantain.
Not it!
Don't you have a friend
you can go with?
Not really --
not since Stan left.
So find someone else.
It's not easy making friends
once you get older.
I tried this
Adult Friend Finder website.
It was not
what I thought it was.
I have an idea.
Why don't you take Anna-Kat
to the park?
There's always dads
hanging around.
Maybe you can
meet someone there.
I don't know.
Hey, anyone would be lucky
to be your friend.
Okay.
Alright,
everybody in the car.
Are you sure making Oliver
skip school is a good idea?
Trust me --
it's just what he needed.
He's even sleeping in.
Not a bad start
to his ditch day.
I don't remember
agreeing to this.
This isn't one of those
things that we both
have to sign off on.
Oh, so you get to do
whatever you want with Oliver,
but I buy one rug from Cost Plus
without consult--
Rugs are different
than kids, Greg!
♪♪
Oliver, I would not
be a good mother
if I let you
sleep away your ditch day.
[ Snoring ]
[ Singsong voice ]
Oliver!
[ Snoring continues ]
♪♪
What the...
[ Hans Gruber oinks ]
Katie: He went to school!
He reverse-Ferris Buellered me.
And instead of a mannequin,
it's a pig!
Oliver thinks he's pulled
a fast one on me.
I'll show him.
I'm not washing these sheets
for a month.
[ Oinking continues ]
[ Speaking Mandarin ]
I need to speak with
Oliver Otto.
Son, I want you to know
I wake up every night
drenched in sweat
because my job entails
delivering news like this.
News like what?
What are you talking about?
I sweat
right through my pajamas.
Then I lay there alone,
shivering in the dark,
staring into the abyss.
But I've trained
for this moment.
Your mother's
been in an accident.
There's a car
waiting for you outside.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Mom, what happened?
Principal Ablin
said you had an accident.
I did.
I did have an accident.
I opened up a bag of Bugles,
and they went...
everywhere.
[ Laughs ]
You are a psychopath.
Mother/son ditch day,
here we come!
I'm going
back to school.
[ Lock clicks ]
What I really meant to say is,
I'm glad you're okay.
Aw, sweetie.
[ Button clicks twice ]
Are you holding your finger
on the door lock
while you hug me
with only one arm?
I don't know.
Are you trying
to unlock the door
while you hug me
with only one arm?
[ Button clicking ]
♪♪
[ Locks clicking rapidly ]
That's it!
I'm driving while locking!
I'm driving
while locking!
[ Clicking continues ]
♪♪
There you go.
Just get in the circle.
Just edge your way in.
That's it. That's it.
That's not it.
♪♪
Giants fan, huh?
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
They've got to figure out
their quarterback problem, huh?
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah. Yeah.
You like stamps?
Oh, Greg.
♪♪
Hey, look! You two
have the same sneakers.
Why don't you
talk about it?
New Balance.
Yeah -- the shoe
of dads everywhere.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm Greg.
Charles.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Yeah, it's good
to meet you, too.
So, Cassidy, is that your dad
my dad's talking to?
Yup.
They seem to be
getting along.
Look.
[ Both laugh ]
So...cute.
Do you want to come over
to my house
for a playdate
later today?
Okay.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, my God!
Why is that funny?
You're filthy now.
Sandy belly!
Ho ho ho!
[ Giggling ]
The things
I do for him.
[ Laughing ]
You can't tell me
this hasn't been a fun day.
We snuck into a movie,
half-made a Build-A-Bear,
then ran out,
and went
engagement ring shopping
and creeped out
that woman at Zales.
This whole day
had no productive outcome.
And I'm gonna get a zero
on my science notebook entry.
Who cares?
I'll write you a note.
You have got to lighten up,
or before you know it,
you're going to be drinking
yak butter in Nepal.
That sounds
like Disneyland
compared to
the Zales experience.
What is Chloe Brown Mueller
doing in our front yard?!
If I let you drive,
would you run her over?
Mom.
Come on.
They'd try you as a kid,
and then you'd be out
in 18 months.
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Vehicle doors close ]
I told you that I don't want
your signs in my yard!
Yeah, that's why I did it
when you weren't home, dum-dum.
Well,
I'm pulling them out!
Go right ahead.
I posted this all on Instagram.
The poors are gonna
drop their Whoppers
and their 40-ounce colas
and vote Chloe Brown Mueller,
baby!
You can't trespass
on my property
and stick your stupid signs
in my lawn!
Oh, speaking of stupid things
stuck in the grass,
nice flamingo.
Ull!
I like it.
It's witty
and unexpected.
It's not witty
and unexpected, Maria!
It's trashy and crappy!
Isn't that
what you meant?
It belonged to my grandmother.
She collected them.
And I like to keep one
in my yard to remind me of her.
Oh, you're killing me!
Your grandmother collected
plastic flamingos?
What else
did she collect?
[ Laughs ]
Quick -- Maria, give me
some trashy and crappy things
so I can ask Katie if
her grandmother collected them.
Um, I...
Oh, my God, you're useless.
Get in the car!
I don't know why I pay
your health insurance.
I have
a $12,000 deductible.
Doesn't mean
you can't fix that chin!
♪♪
Grandma to the rescue!
We are going to flamingo
Chloe Brown Mueller's lawn
tonight.
What does that even mean?
You put flamingos
in someone's yard.
Like, a lot of them.
How is that a good idea?
You said that
before we went into Zales,
and we got
free sparkling waters.
♪♪
So, you have a friend
coming over?
Yeah.
We really hit it off.
Thanks for making me
get back out there.
Ever since Stan left --
Piece of advice --
don't talk about Stan
with this new guy.
He does not want to picture you
with another dad.
Got it.
[ Doorbell rings ]
That must be
your playdate.
Our playdate.
Sure.
I'm not a big fan
of this Cassidy girl,
so let's say
we have a hard out at 5:00.
Okay. Come on.
Greg: Hi.
Hi!
Where's your dad?
He's playing tennis
with his buddies.
Oh, I thought --
Sounds fun.
Come on in.
Yay!
♪♪
New plan -- I'm gonna
play with her for 10 minutes,
and then I'm gonna
make myself throw up.
♪♪
This is going to make
Chloe Brown Mueller
lose her mind.
I would not want
to be Maria tomorrow.
Or ever.
That is one sad lady.
Honestly,
I don't understand why
putting flamingos
in someone's yard is fun.
If you only learn
one thing from me,
it's that nothing is more fun
than messing with people.
Seriously?!
That's the one thing you want me
to learn from my mother?
Well...that and...
compassion, I guess.
You keep up
with the flamingos.
I'm gonna go draw
some more penises.
Ooh! The L's in "Mueller"
are gonna have a sword fight!
[ Siren wailing ]
Cops!
Scatter!
We'll meet at the house!
♪♪
If it makes you feel
any better,
at least your wife didn't
sleep with your best friend,
like McDreamy.
Oh, but then you'd have to have
a best friend first.
Ooh!
Way to go, McDummy.
Guys, your mom
is my best friend.
Problem is,
I can't meet her for drinks
when I'm trying
to get away from her.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Oh, my God!
I got to lay down!
I can't. I can't make it
to the couch.
[ Exhales deeply ]
W-Where's Oliver?
He'll be here
in a second.
He's faster than me,
but I kind of went
as the crow flies.
[ Dog barking ]
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
How old are you?
18.
Okay, have at it.
♪♪
What happened?
We had to scatter!
And I'm fat, Greg!
I'm a big girl,
so it was harder for me!
Scatter from what?
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hello?
Yes, this is he.
Oh, I'm...sorry
to hear that, officer.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Yes, we'll be
right down.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Scatter from the cops.
♪♪
I can't believe
you got our son arrested.
You keep saying that
over and over again.
Let's move on.
What was I
supposed to do?
Not get him arrested?
I've been caught
by the cops
for flamingoing lawns
before, Greg.
They give you
a slap on the wrist.
Sometimes,
they ask you out.
Sometimes, you end up
going to the prom
with a police officer.
Trust me --
it's not a big deal.
I hope you're right.
Remember
before we moved here?
Oliver was less serious.
He was goofier.
And then
we come to Westport,
and he has gotten obsessed
with all the wrong things.
And now
he's on that path.
There's a lot of good things
on that path,
like hard work
and a great college.
I don't want him
off the path.
I just want him to have fun
along the way.
And I'm afraid
if he doesn't,
he's gonna end up like Stan
and have a nervous breakdown.
I mean, when was the last time
you heard him laugh?
I miss that.
I miss it, too.
I can't believe
you got our son arrested!
He was
supposed to scatter!
♪♪
We're here to pick up
our son -- Oliver Otto.
Oliver Otto -- right.
We can't release him
to you just yet.
You want to keep him
for, like, an hour or so,
put a scare into him --
is that what you're thinking?
No, your son
is in real trouble.
He was caught
trespassing,
and he caused
substantial property damage.
Mrs. Brown Mueller
is a political candidate,
so there's an extra set
of special circumstances.
It's flamingoing.
In Florida --
This isn't Florida!
Are you familiar with the term
"zero tolerance"?
Because that's
what you're up against.
He drew genitalia
on official election materials.
Can I at least post bail
and bring him home?
Of course --
right after he's arraigned,
which is
in about two days.
Two days?!
You cannot keep a kid in jail
for two days for flamingoing.
This is
a Class "A" misdemeanor.
You'll probably want
to hire an attorney,
because this is
the kind of thing
that goes on
your permanent record.
Oh, my God, Greg!
Permanent record!
This'll prevent him
from going to college!
What are we
going to do?!
Gotcha!
[ Both laugh ]
What?!
I got you!
Special circumstances,
zero tolerance? Classic!
I always giggle
when I'm nervous.
I almost giggled.
You should have seen
your face, Mom.
You were totally
freaked out.
Why in the world
would you do that?
Because nothing is more fun
than messing with people.
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
You really are
a good student.
You were, like,
"Oh, my God, Greg!
Permanent record"!
[ Laughing ]
Well,
you found his laugh.
Yeah.
I didn't miss it
as much as I thought I did.
[ Laughing continues ]
So,
when I get arrested,
are you going to throw
a dinner in my honor?
I don't like
how she said "when".
You should know that
I've decided to quit Mandarin.
Are you sure?
Yeah, I'm gonna
take Latin instead.
It's a dead language.
Jeremy Fleisher's parents
can do a lot of things,
but they can't buy him
a dead person.
[ Doorbell rings ]
Hi! Come on in.
How are you?
Oh, my God -- cops.
Oliver, run!
No, Anna-Kat,
it's okay.
We got to talking
in the station.
I found out we have
a lot of the same interests.
You made a friend?
That's right.
We're both philatelists.
Greg is one of the most
passionate philatelists
I've ever met.
[ Chuckling ] Oh!
I know it means
something different
than what
I'm thinking it means.
It means
"stamp collecting".
There it is.
♪♪